The last video we got a better sense of how it node is going to automatically wrap all the different
files we write instead of our project with that kind of invisible function that has some arguments inside
of it.
In this video I want to now expand on that a little bit more and give you a better sense of how that
require function works.
Along with that module dot exports thing to get started going to first find my next dot J.S. file and
I can restore the code that we had inside of here just a little bit ago.
So I'll say const message is require dot slash my script dot J.S. and then I'll do a quick console log
of message like so OK I'm going to run this file again just make sure everything still works.
Yep it looks good.
All right.
So let's focus on what this required function right here is really doing.
And there's like one or two really important things I want to point out in particular these two important
things are not super relevant for any code that we're going to be writing right now but these are definitely
some ideas that are going to come up along your javascript career and give you some pain.
And so I want to just point them out right now.
So at the very start of learning node you are aware of these big issues.
OK.
So quick diagram so when we run a node at our terminal right now we are executing the index dot J.S.
file remember.
That means that we're going to take everything inside the index dot j ust file wrap it with that kind
of invisible function and then execute it when we run the code inside there.
We call that require function and we pass in an argument of dot slash my script dot J.S. again at the
dot slash means look in the current working directory or in the current directory and find a file called
my script dot J.S..
So here's what happens behind the scenes and we call require node is going to look out into the current
file folder and find that file defines it right here it's then going to wrap the contents of this file
with that same kind of invisible function and execute it.
We then assign a value of high to a module that exports.
Now as we have seen several times now we're essentially saying take that value of high and assign it
back over to const message or really the message variable but there's something else that goes on behind
the scenes at the exact same time when we require in a file and we run that file and get some exports
from it.
We are simultaneously going to update something called the require cash the required cash is a object
that stores the results of requiring in a file.
So this is an object right here that has some number of keys and values different keys of this object
are going to be the names of the different files that we require in.
So when we require in my script J.S. we can imagine that we add a new key into this object of my script
that J.S. and then the value is going to be whatever we exported from that file.
So in this case we exported the string simply high.
So inside this cache right here we put in high as a value so now here's the key part.
If we ever tried to require in my script J.S. a second time like let's imagine that we copy paste down
and just run required my script directly like so.
The second require statement right here is not going to cause the my script.
J ust file to be executed again.
So this is not what happens.
That does not occur.
Instead note is going to take a look at the required cash that's going to see that we've already required
in that file called my script.
Yes.
So instead of executing that file it's going to take a little shortcut.
It's going to take a look at whatever had been exported previously and just give us that value directly.
So in other words this is again a big key point in a note.
J.S. Project we only ever execute every file one single time whatever we export from that file that
one single time is what we get.
Forever.
Now I can prove all this stuff to you very easily.
Let's take a look at some again behind the scenes stuff.
The code that we're going to write right now is definitely not code that you're going to be writing
on a daily basis.
I'm just showing you this stuff so you understand what is happening.
OK.
So back inside of index dot J.S. I'm going to delete that console log off message I'm going to delete
the message variable and just leave behind to require my script.
J.S. and then I'm going to do a console log of require that cache.
So again this is an object that stores the result of requiring in any file to our project it's going
to save this lit back over to my terminal and run node indexed at J.S..
There's a lot of stuff inside this console log but let's just try to pull out some of the most important
parts if I scroll up just a little bit about halfway.
Again this is really hard to read what's going on here.
But there's one very particular thing I want to point out I actually want.
I'm going to go to the top here make life a bit easier.
So when we do that console log of the quiet cache it is an object we can tell that because we got that
curly brace right there and then the keys like we just said are the different files that have been required
into our project.
So technically the index not J.S. file was required in if we scroll down a little bit more.
I'll then see the second key value pair of my script.
J.S. This is the key that says hey we've already required in my script.
J.S. and then the value is the module object.
I know in the diagram just a second ago I told you that what's get stored inside the cache is just what
we export it from the file.
But technically it is that entire module object inside that module object is whatever we export it.
But for the purposes of the diagram it just makes life a little bit easier to imagine that we'd just
store the expert add value.
So again here's the result of requiring in the my script J.S. file we get this module object it has
the idea the file which is really just the full directory name and file name of the file and then most
importantly right there that is the entire key the big thing I want to show you the exports property
so you can see exports right there says Hi there.
So this entire object right here says hey we've already required in my script dot J.S..
And when we required it that first time we got back a value of Hi there.
And so now any time that we ever require in this file for a second time we're going to get whatever
is right there.
We don't run my script out just a second time.
We just get that same string back over and over and over again.
Now why is this relevant.
Well in the case of exporting a string a string is always essentially a string.
But if we ever have some kind of object where a variable declared inside of this my script j ust file
that changes over time life is going to start to get really really interesting.
Let's take a quick pause right here.
When we come back next video we're gonna make some changes to my script.
J.S. and we're going to see why it is so important at the very start of learning node to really understand
this module system so it could puzzle I'll see you in just a minute.